Refactor/add dotenv (#6)
mangano-ito/slack-emoji-usage-report: README.md

## Installation

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/mangano-ito/slack-emoji-usage-report.git
$ cd slack-emoji-usage-report
$ npm install
```

## Prerequisites

You need your own **Slack API Token** to run this tool. Generate it beforehand if you don't have: https://api.slack.com/apps

> You need below permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need permissions below:
```

I think this is more natural, but just my opinion!

- `channels:history`
- `channels:read`
- `emoji:read`
- `reactions:read`

## Usage

First try crawling the channels you want, then generate report.

### Caution

- Add a bot to the channel you want to report, if using a bot token.
- Using a user token, you need to join this channel.

### Crawl

#### With args target db & channel name

```sh
$ env SLACK_TOKEN="<slack token>" npm run crawl -- --db="<database name>" --channel="<channel name>"
```

#### Using dotenv

> If using this mode, first you need run commands `$ cp _env .env`.

Reviewer: Nice! It is more useful to use `dotenv` to load configurations from the file! 😄

> If using this mode, first you need run commands `$ cp _env .env`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using this mode, first you need run the command: `$ cp _env .env`.
```

This is a subtle suggestion. Another nitpicking!
